Hey guys
This is A remake of the original what if mace Windu trained Anakin Skywalker videos that I made back in December of 2016
I felt the story could have been better and
Instead of taking it to the same direction as the story already is I decided to redo it
now skipped a minute six if you have seen the original what if Mace Windu trained Anakin video as
That was mainly just a backstory to get us up to speed to where we are here today
But for those who haven't seen it
I've included the full story so that we have a nice full video
also head over to the Facebook page give this video a share that I've pinned to the top of the wall and
In one week I'll pick a winner for a new limited edition
Force effects black series lights every giveaway of your choice without further ado here we go
Master if I may Qui-Gon wished for me to train the boy ready, but ready for this boy you are not Kenobi
I will train the boy he has much to learn for the years he lost this will not be an easy task young Skywalker
Yes, sir with these words Anakin was embarked on a journey
completely different to the regular timeline
We all know this was not only more realistic as Obi-Wan was not ready to have a padawan of his own
But it also allows for anakin to receive the teacher you need rather than the one he wants
Obi-wan was more like a brother of a curtain what she needed was a father figure someone like Qui-Gon
Seeing as how that's not possible in this stories Mace Windu is the perfect substitute for the task over the next 11 years
Master Windu would teach Skywalker to own and develop his ability the same way he learned how from Master Yoda but also
From himself and his own teachings from Within Windu was unlike any other job
He was cut edge and by the books as yoda however when it came to his fighting style
He strayed far from the Dodge lying
He studied the seven form of Lightsaber collar which itself was a very aggressive
acrobatic and Difficult style to Master but on top of this he created his own variant of the form by harnessing the dark side this was not
Openly accepted by the Council
Which is why it was mostly kept in secret
His use of a purple lightsaber was indicative of his ability to use both the light and the dark
blue and red Makes Purple which described Mace's energy the best
Through his mastery of using both sides in unison he learned how to develop both equally yet news either judiciously
Just like Luke did against Vader in Return of the Jedi through this training style
Anakin would learn to develop his dark side powers that were seized heated within him from such a young age
Almost training him as a sith however teaching him the self of Jedi way instead of and only in word has assisted
Anakin would grow to wield his own purple-ish
becoming the most
Gifted Jedi in the Council his force abilities were even more powerful than his doing style
Which as assumed was identical to Windu's who taught him many forms allowing him to choose which suitors is then?
Naturally having chosen the seventh war and through it
Learning the pond during padme need for Jedi Guardians
Windu and anakin would be assigned to her at the request of palpatine just as he had requested
Obi Wan before solely to lure Anakin along and into his eventual plan although
Able to discern which sides of the force to ultimately use and it can did master the dark side of mace toxin this was dangerous
this
developed new powers within Anakin that he had never been able to test prior to becoming Darth Vader during episode two when he went to
Find his mother tortured by the send people his hate filled rage was
Insurmountable next to what we saw in the film in comics
He not only slaughtered the Village he used force fire to ignite the whole tribe
Watching as little Tuskin Raiders ran a flame screaming to be put out of their misery as anakin
Watched them melt into ash, hes hunger to prevent people from dying with
exponential along with his strength vowing to become the most powerful Jedi ever
He ate slept and dreamt of learning how to stop people from dying[x2] when his inevitable meet would do
control at the end of attack of the clones arrived
He was sent with Kenobi to deal with the sith while Windu attended other affairs with Yoda
Upon their arrival when he rushed Dooku again. Obi Wan senior command Anakin blocks Dooku's force lightning with his saber as taught
by windu many times who is no stranger to dark side attacks
deflecting the blasts to the ground he rushed and
Inevitably bested him using the Pod to it's great advantage and harnessing Dooku's dark
energy to wield his own attack as Obi-Wan tried to keep up until he was sent to the corner by to
Push and then aniken was able cut dookus hands off following the momentum of the saber through Dooku whose neck
Beheading him against Obi wan's command just as yoda showed up around the corner to Witness Skywalker's loss of control
Anakin would be judged before the council for taking Dooku. Who's like when he was unarmed
Apologizing for his actions master Windu would take him to the temple to interrogate him about his feelings during the do Anakin look downwards
Ignoring the question as mays pride deeper he knew when his not a woman was keeping from him he inquired
Asking him. What was wrong and a controlled mace about his dreams about Padme
And how he wanted to stop those he loved from dying his relationship with mace was much better than it wasn't Obi-Wan
Because he trusted me not only more due to his age and experience
But due to the fact that he did not fear the dark side like the rest of the Jedi he accepted it and [dove] into
Its teachings learning every bit of it and all Jedi should have to understand it become one with it as much [as] possible
Without letting [go] of the light and ultimately learning all the secrets this was what anyone wanted as?
Curious as he was he needed to know if the dark side was holding secrets that the Jedi didn't know about and this was something
His master could help him with mace rested his hand upon Anakin shoulder telling him
How [proud] he was of him to confide his true emotions with his master mace walked away as anakin stood perplexed
Motioning to follow him anakin obeyed as [mays] took him down the corridors and to the gargantuan arched doors
Opening to the Jedi archives. I've spent all my [time] here master
I haven't found anything [mace] interrupted anakin by shushing him telling him to keep moving leading anakin to the restricted section only
Admitted select Jedi Masters Master windu opened the locked door where anakin walked into a cathedral [asked] [looking] room twice
The size of the one who just left as they looked around he saw scroll after
Scroll of ancient sith Lord that had been collected over centuries by past Jedi turning to his master
And it can didn't know what say as maids broke the silence anakin it's time. I showed you where most Jedi fail, and
That is to study every aspect of the force while judiciously choosing the light and never
Abusing the dark through the ancient sith Lorin holocron you will find what you seek however. I want you to promise me one thing
Yes master anything you ask replied, Anakin never hide your thoughts from me again. This is a path to live
Lively to treachery and treachery will lead to the dark side. Yes
Yes, Master over the next many
And it can would continue to study all ancient sith Lord learning from his master along the way with any questions you had
during this time
Palpatine would continue to try to manipulate anakin by making him feel as if the Jedi only studied one aspect of the force
If fun, is to understand the great mystery one must study all its
Aspects not just the dogmatic Narrow view of Jedi
Luring him with stories of Darth Plagueis the wise and feeding him lies about how the [darkside]
Was stronger if you wish to become a complete?
Why is [video] you must embrace a larger view for?
the careful Jedi again
Only through me can you achieve a power greater than any Jedi?
revealing himself as the sith Lord
your listen I
Know what's been troubling you and it can rush to tell his master of the news. I think chancellor Palpatine is a sith Lord a
[fifth] Lord
yes, the one we've been looking for telling anakin to wait in the council chambers until he and the others returned anakin would do so
As he sat there
Contemplating what would happen [the] counting nine and along with him the knowledge [save] [padme]
he knew that no matter what come and claim to knew it came from a place of Malice and
manipulation a place of
treachery that couldn't be trusted he had faith in his master and in the council he would do as he was told and
Trust in the Force to guide his thoughts
Under Graham my Lord the oppression of V will never return you have lost
you know
now
Some time had passed as anakin looked up to see [master] when you walk through [the] chamber doors tired sweating and his robe torn
Abruptly standing shower Carascas master what had happened mace replied?
Stupid question anakin for [went] in one came out. What do you think happened and the chancellor Master?
He was powerful it took everything. I had to fight him at one point
I almost thought he had the best of me, but through the Pod
I was able to deflect his powers back [onto] him and kill him
That is why I have been so adamant on making sure all sides of the force are learned and that is why I encourage you
To study more of the dark side while always knowing which path is the [right] come [Skywalker]
We have much to discuss
the Master and Padawan left the Council Chambers to inform yoda and obi-wan upon their arrival of the names but first a
Hot me on with an order
Padme would eventually give birth to Luke and leia where she would to anakin surprise stay alive with his love and support
his trust in mace would lead him [to] feel comfortable enough to
Inform him of the birth where while upset and angry and anakin he would tell him that he was happy
He told and that the Skywalker children would be trained once they could crawl by the members of the council
He told Anakin how master Ki-adi-Mundi had a wife and children as well
And that in some cultures it was acceptable for masters at family although
Not in his it would be overruled and accepted due to the nature of the Skywalker family [the] Council was shocked to hear the news
But they [welcomed] the new powerful addition
They can luke and leia enrolling them in meditation teaching from infancy to grow their powers in the force before beginning them on
Anakin would grow old with [patton] and they would watch their children grow to be the poster children of the Jedi
Forming their own team of new and Elite
Jedi within the temple teaching us the ways of the dark and the light and to always trust from the force just as [I]
[wanted] while always helping them to understand which side was the one to never stray from
The temple would continue to grow as Jedi would become smarter stronger and better keeping peace within the Galaxy
Thanks for watching guys
What did [you] all think I hope you enjoyed this remake of the original?
What it makes when you trained anakin I read the comments and saw many thought I could have done more with it
Considering [my] other fan fictions that [I've] done and I think it's true. So I created this timeline as well
I hope it wasn't too bad if you would still like me to create a part 2 based on your suggestions
Then let me know I can do that for the original one that I made the first video
I made that I mean if you did enjoy it, please leave a thumbs up to support the channel
And I'll see you all in tomorrow's episode of Star Wars theory until then my fellow Jedi my friends
oh